Make content consistent according to style guidelines. (#18756)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/configuration/secret.md

{{% capture overview %}}

Kubernetes Secret objects let you store and manage sensitive information, such
as passwords, OAuth tokens, and SSH keys.  Putting this information in a Secret
is safer and more flexible than putting it verbatim in a

> {{< glossary_tooltip term_id="pod" >}} definition or in a {{< glossary_tooltip text="container image" term_id="image" >}}. See [Secrets design document](https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/design-proposals/auth/secrets.md) for more information.

Reviewer: @sharjeelaziz, if you wanted to be thorough about tidying the page, you could move:
```markdown
See the [Secrets design document](https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/design-proposals/auth/secrets.md) for more information.
```
to the _What's next_ section at the end of the page.

Users can create secrets, and the system also creates some secrets.

To use a Secret, a Pod needs to reference the Secret.
A Secret can be used with a pod in two ways: as files in a
{{< glossary_tooltip text="volume" term_id="volume" >}} mounted on one or more of

> its containers, or used by `kubelet` when pulling images for the Pod.

Author: Nod.

Where `YWRtaW5pc3RyYXRvcg==` decodes to `administrator`.

The keys of `data` and `stringData` must consist of alphanumeric characters 
(`[a-z0-9A-Z]`), dashes (`-`), underscores (`_`) or dots (`.`).

> **Encoding Note:** The serialized JSON and YAML values of secret data are

Author: Good one. Done.

secret volume mount will have permission `0400`.

Note that the JSON spec doesn't support octal notation, so use the value 256 for

> 0400 permissions. If you use YAML instead of JSON for the Pod, you can use octal

Author: Yes.

### Using imagePullSecrets

An imagePullSecret is a way to pass a secret that contains a Docker (or other) image registry

> password to the `kubelet` so it can pull a private image on behalf of your Pod.

Author: Thanks for clearing that one up. I was kind of double minded on that one.

They can only be referenced by pods in that same namespace.

Individual secrets are limited to 1MiB in size.  This is to discourage creation

> of very large secrets which would exhaust `apiserver` and `kubelet` memory.

Author: Nod.

Now make the pods:

```shell

> cat <<EOF > pod.yaml

Author: Thanks for the feedback. Where do we keep the example files and if I add a new file do we handle it in this pull request or create a new one later.

EOF
```

Add the pods to the same `kustomization.yaml`

```shell
cat <<EOF >> kustomization.yaml
resources:
- pod.yaml
EOF
```

> Apply all those objects on the `apiserver` by

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Apply those Kustomized manifests by running:
```

### Use-case: Dotfiles in secret volume

> In order to make piece of data 'hidden', for example, in a file whose name begins with a dot character, simply

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to make piece of data 'hidden' (for example, in a file whose name begins with a dot character),
```

I'm omitting “simply” because it's a bit of a weasel word in documentation, even in this case where a change of filename does look simple.

> make that key begin with a dot.  For example, when the following secret is mounted into a volume:

Reviewer: did you mean to adjust this as well:
```suggestion
make that key begin with a dot.  For example, when the following Secret is mounted into a volume:
```
?

### Protections

Because Secret objects can be created independently of the pods that use

> them, there is less risk of the secret being exposed during the workflow of

Reviewer: To help with localization, I recommend a wording tweak:
```suggestion
 them, there is less risk of the secret data being exposed during the workflow of
```

creating, viewing, and editing pods.  The system can also take additional
precautions with Secret objects, such as avoiding writing them to disk where
possible.

A Secret is only sent to a node if a Pod on that node requires it.

> `Kubelet` stores the secret into a `tmpfs` so that the secret is not written

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The kubelet stores the secret data into a `tmpfs` so that confidential information is not written
```
<hr />

Side note: data in `tmpfs` can be written to storage if your cluster has swap enabled, but that's not common.

to disk storage. Once the Pod that depends on the Secret is deleted, kubelet

> will delete its local copy of the secret data as well.

Reviewer: optional tweak
```suggestion
 also deletes its local copy of the secret data.
```

There may be secrets for several pods on the same node.  However, only the
secrets that a Pod requests are potentially visible within its containers.
Therefore, one Pod does not have access to the secrets of another Pod.

There may be several containers in a Pod.  However, each container in a Pod has
to request the secret volume in its `volumeMounts` for it to be visible within
the container.  This can be used to construct useful [security partitions at the
Pod level](#use-case-secret-visible-to-one-container-in-a-pod).

On most Kubernetes-project-maintained distributions, communication between user

> to the `apiserver`, and from `apiserver` to the kubelets, is protected by SSL/TLS.

Reviewer: API server.

 - Applications still need to protect the value of secret after reading it from the volume,
   such as not accidentally logging it or transmitting it to an untrusted party.
 - A user who can create a pod that uses a secret can also see the value of that secret.  Even

>    if `apiserver` policy does not allow that user to read the secret object, the user could

Reviewer: I suggest two tweaks:
```suggestion
   if cluster policy does not allow that user to read the Secret object, the user could
```

   run a pod which exposes the secret.

>  - Currently, anyone with root on any node can read _any_ secret from the apiserver,

Reviewer: I would write this as:
```suggestion
  - Anyone with superuser access to any node can read **any** Secret from the API server.
```
and drop the mention of the planned feature - the style guide recommends that you [avoid statements about the future](https://kubernetes.io/docs/contribute/style/style-guide/#avoid-statements-about-the-future).

Optionally, put that revised sentence in a `{{< caution >}}` block.
